DateRangeBox: add new API description (#5026)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/10 UI Components/dxDateRangeBox/1 Configuration/Configuration.md

---
##### shortDescription

> An object defining configuration properties for the DateRangeBox UI component.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An object that defines configuration properties for the DateRangeBox UI component.
```
